Hello! if you wouldn't mind could i please ask for a pin, as this comment is informative?
(Also, please stop commenting "I aint reading allat", you're clogging up the replies and preventing me from replying to people with actual questions)
(there is an FAQ at the bottom, please read that before replying /nf :D)

I believe most furry and therian hate is caused by misinformation and misunderstanding of what these communities are. Please feel free to ask questions under this!!

Therians are people who believe they have the spirit or mind of an animal based on involuntary animalistic experiences or urges. this identity is entirely nonphysical, meaning therians know they're human. some therians believe they had a past life as an animal, some do not.
Therians are a community, not a fandom, as a fandom suggests you can choose to be in it, and therians do not choose.

Common terms in the therian community are:
Therianthropy - the term for being a therian (therianthropy is not a choice vs being a therian is not a choice)
theriotype - the animal(s) you identify as
polytherian- a therian with multiple theriotypes
gear - anything therians wear or hold to help them feel more connected to theriotypes! usually people wear gear in the form of cat masks and tails, but that is not the only thing gear can be, and not all therians wear gear!
shift - there are two main shift types, phantom shifts and mental shifts. Phantom shifts are periods of time in which you can feel an animal part of your body, like a tail, muzzle, or ears.
Mental shifts is a period of time in which the mind of a therian regresses to a more animal-like state. In this period of time, therians may feel animalistic urges. not all therians shift, and therians who do not shift are called con therians.
!!IMPORTANT!!
If you, during a shift, cannot control your actions, or are confused about where you are, or feel like your theriotype is controlling your body while you are only spectating, or even are blacking out during a shift and regaining consciousness afterwards, THAT IS NOT NORMAL. PLEASE SEE A DOCTOR. You should be conscious and able to make decisions during a shift - they are just urges. That's what separates shifting from a mental disorder.

vocals- making animal noises. there is a big difference between vocals and barking at people.
species dysphoria- dysphoria about being a human, wishing you could be an animal.
Now, i understand that some of this sounds a little crazy, but therians are not hurting anyone, and we never believe we are an actual real animal.

Quadrobics is a sport or activity in which one moves on all fours, mimicking a quadruped animal. it is commonly shortened to just 'quads'. It is a sport, and a very hard one, since humans were made to walk bipedally. our legs are a lot longer than our arms, which means you must bend them a lot in order to have a flat back. the main focus of quadrobics is jumping, which is where you sort of lose the animal-like part, because basically your goal is high. the higher the better. there is NO reason to hate on people who do quadrobics- we aren't hurting anyone, and it takes a lot of practice to get really skilled at it. it is not easy.
Not all therians do quadrobics!! there is no data on how many therians do, but there is no required overlap. not all quadrobists are therians, not all therians are quadrobists.


Furries are people who like anthropomorphic animals. anthropomorphic means that they have some human qualities. this generally shows up as some animal standing bipedally who can talk, but not always. You do not need a fursuit to be a furry, you just need to like anthropomorphic animals. Some people with fursuits may not be comfortable with the label 'furry', calling themselves 'fursuiters' instead or just not labeling themselves at all.
Fursuiting is a hobby. nobody thinks they are an animal while fursuiting, nobody wears their fursuit 24/7.
Furries are a fandom, because you can leave and rejoin, and you can choose to become a furry.
Furries are generally really nice people. there are a few rude bad apples, but it is one of the most loving communities i know. in Pennsylvania, the furries come every year for a con, and the citizens really look forward to it JUST BECAUSE THEY ARE SO NICE.
Common terms within the furry fandom are:
Fursona or just sona- an animal representation of oneself.
Fursuit- a cosplay of one's sona
dinomask fursuit or sometimes just dinomask - a dinosaur mask from a shop with a moving jaw that someone has taken, painted, furred, put ears on it, and customized it to make a fursuit (look up fizzeve on yt for an example)
full vs partial- a full suit is one that covers the entire body. a partial is a fursuit that does not cover the whole body - usually a head, paws, and a tail.
Furry convention, furry con, or sometimes just 'con' if it was already in the context of furries- a convention for furries. pretty straightforward.
Y1ff- furry corn - contrary to what most haters think this is not being displayed to little kids, it is a corn subcategory and therefore is treated as such. i'm sorry if you've ever seen y1ff without wanting to, but generally it's kept behind 18+ forums. this doesnt ruin the furry fandom. theres corn in every fandom.

Not all therians are furries, not all furries are therians, their only similarity is that they are both a community focused on animals.
Paper dragons are just dragon puppets made out of, hang on, not paper? that's right, they're made out of paper sometimes, but generally if you see super big, complicated designs, they're made of cardboard or some other tougher material.
Dragon puppeteers are the person making and puppeteering = the paper dragons.

--MOVING ON TO THE STUFF THAT PEOPLE THINK WE ARE SOMETIMES--

Zoanthropes are people who think they are, physically, an animal. this is a mental disorder, as zoanthropes do not believe they are human. they can get better with therapy. This is NOT the same as therianthropy!

Z00ph1l3s or sometimes just z00s are people who are sexually or romantically attracted to animals. this is disgusting, as animals cannot consent. sometimes they call themselves zoosexual to avoid the 'phile' ending, but that is exactly what they're doing, dodging the truth.
a very common misconception that i see a lot is that 'only 20% of furries are zoos' or 'oh only 1% of therians are zoos' THIS IS FALSE! zoos are unwelcome in either community, and therefore they may try to call themselves furries or therians but the communities WILL. NOT. ACCEPT. THEM. them doing this is just them trying to latch onto an innocent community relating to animals to justify their horrifying actions, and in doing this they bring the reputation of the communities down as well.

p3d0ph1l3s are people sexually or romantically attracted to minors. everything said about the z00ph1l3s above transfers to here as well, except for the fact that p3d0s avoid the phile ending by calling themselves MAPs, or 'minor attracted person'.


thank you for reading, again please feel free to ask questions below or tell me if i got anything wrong! this comment is so long that youtube kinda breaks when I try to edit it but I have a doc with this in it that I can edit.

FAQ: 
Q: how long did it take you to type this? A: about an hour, and I did it on my iPad
Q: am i a therian? A: only you can know! nobody on the internet can reliably tell you. Please do some research on google and youtube to find out!
Q: are you any of these? A: i'm a therian, furry, and quadrobist! :)
Q: can I copy/paste this? A: yes!! if you're seeing this copy/pasted, the original creator was yatiri_does_quadrobics, but you can spread this around :D the github link to copy it is

TOO LONG; DIDNT READ:
-therians dont think theyre animals physically (and if they do its a mental disorder)
-therians arent (necessarily) furries, despite some of them wearing masks and tails
-quadrobics isnt therianthropy - not all therians do quadrobics not all quadrobists are therians
-furries like antropomorphic animals, are not therians, and dont think theyre animals
-paper dragons arent furries or therians. theyre just a form of puppeteering
-everybody hates zoophiles
-everybody hates pedophiles
